chore: add disclaimer (#129)
apache/incubator-horaedb-docs: README.md

## Apache HoraeDB (incubating) Website

This repository stores all the source files of [HoraeDB docs website](https://apache.github.io/incubator-horaedb-docs/), the website is generated with [mdbook](https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/).

**All files are written in standard markdown.**

## Contributing

Welcome any contributions from the community. You can

- Open an [issue](https://github.com/apache/incubator-horaedb-docs/issues) with any suggestions, or

> - Submit a [pull request](https://github.com/apache/incubator-horaedb-docs/pulls) to fix errors/typos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submit a [pull request](https://github.com/apache/incubator-horaedb-docs/pulls) to improve the website (trivial fixes are welcome).
```
